Add AI tooling info to pull request template (#10850)
WordPress/wordpress-develop: .github/pull_request_template.md

- Inline Documentation Standards: https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/inline-documentation-standards/
- Browser Support Policies: https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/browser-support/
- Proper spelling and grammar related best practices: https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/spelling/
- ✨ If you are using AI tools, you must adhere to the AI Guidelines: https://make.wordpress.org/ai/handbook/ai-guidelines/
-->

<!-- Insert a description of your changes here -->

Trac ticket: <!-- insert a link to the WordPress Trac ticket here -->

## Use of AI Tools

<!--

> You are free to use artificial intelligence (AI) tooling to contribute, but you must you disclose what tooling you are using and to what extent a pull request has been authored by AI. It is your responsibility to review and take responsibility for what AI generates. See the WordPress AI Guidelines: <https://make.wordpress.org/ai/handbook/ai-guidelines/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are free to use artificial intelligence (AI) tooling to contribute, but you must disclose what tooling you are using and to what extent a pull request has been authored by AI. It is your responsibility to review and take responsibility for what AI generates. See the WordPress AI Guidelines: <https://make.wordpress.org/ai/handbook/ai-guidelines/>.
```

Reviewer: Avoiding what could become bikeshedding here, but a small tweak to get the grammar here stable and a "good enough v1" for this messaging

> 
> <!--
> You are free to use artificial intelligence (AI) tooling to contribute, but you must you disclose what tooling you are using and to what extent a pull request has been authored by AI. It is your responsibility to review and take responsibility for what AI generates. See the WordPress AI Guidelines: <https://make.wordpress.org/ai/handbook/ai-guidelines/>.
> -->
> 

Reviewer 2: Very much spit-balling and not married to any particular phrasing, just trying to list a plurality of acceptable usage as concisely as I can think to.

```suggestion

<!--
You may AI tooling to contribute, but it is your responsibly to review, understand, and take ownership of everything the LLM generates. You MUST disclose what tooling was used and where it was used.
For example, please specify if IDE Autocompletions used for code or docs; whether an agent or code harness provided the spec, created some methods or even the initial draft PR, backfilled tests, or generated any non-code assets; etc. See the WordPress AI Guidelines: <https://make.wordpress.org/ai/handbook/ai-guidelines/>.
-->

```

Author: Is enumerating all of the acceptable usage needed? Wouldn't that be better to leave for the contributor to read from the AI Guidelines as they evolve?

Reviewer 2: So that's my argument is that it's precisely because AI Guidelines (both ours and general best practices) still have some evolution to do that we need some sort of tangible direction to make it clear we don't need -or want- a play-by-play, but rather something that indicates the signal-to-noise ratio for reviewers.

And to be clear, that's nowhere a full enumeration of acceptable usage, but I do think the rest of what matters can be mostly inferred from those while remaining relatively evergreen ;-) . It's a lot easier to broadly/blindly chunk with a checklist, so I'm doing my best with the constraint and I'm happy to dedupe any you feel are redundant.

Reviewer 3: Should be `You may use AI tooling to contribute`. Missing `use`

Author: @jeffpaul Thoughts on including something like this as well? Or defer to a v2?

Reviewer: @westonruter I err on the side of concise and simple, which your version achieves.  I say merge this in so _something_ is in the template and iterations can happen after?
